src/main/resources/Documentation/config.md, before:

Configuration
=============

The configuration of the @PLUGIN@ plugin is done on project level in
the `reviewers.config` file of the project. Missing values are inherited
from the parent projects. This means a global default configuration can
be done in the `reviewers.config` file of the `All-Projects` root project.
Other projects can then override the configuration in their own
`reviewers.config` file.

```
  [filter "*"]
    reviewer = john.doe@example.com

  [filter "branch:main file:^lib/.*"]
    reviewer = jane.doe@example.com

  [filter "branch:stable-2.10"]
    reviewer = QAGroup

```

filter.<filter>.reviewer
:	An account or a group name. Must be an exact match (case sensitive) with the
	account's email address or username, or the group name.  Multiple `reviewer`
	occurrences are allowed.

##Multiple filter matches

The plugin supports multiple filter matches.

###Example

```
  [filter "file:^build/modules/.*"]
    reviewer = john.doe@example.com

  [filter "file:^build/.*"]
    reviewer = jane.doe@example.com

```

1. Push a change for review involving file "build/modules/GLOBAL.pm".
2. Both john.doe@example.com and jane.doe@example.com get added as reviewers.

Commit message:

Allow to disable REST API and UI
Add 2 new configuration options enableREST and enableUI which can be
set in the reviewers.config file in the site's etc folder.

When enableREST is disabled, the REST API is not exposed.

When enableUI is disabled, the 'Reviewers' menu is not added to the
project screen. This option is forcibly disabled when enableREST is
disabled.

Disabling the REST API and UI means that a project's reviewers.config
file may only be modified by directly pushing changes for review on the
project's refs/meta/config branch. This can be used to enforce code
reviews of the reviewer configuration.

Change-Id: I79ed94347a427385820c85c12f747432a2b4690b

src/main/resources/Documentation/config.md, after:

Configuration
=============

Global configuration of the @PLUGIN@ plugin is done in the
`reviewers.config` file in the site's `etc` directory.

```
  [reviewers]
    enableREST = true
    enableUI = false
```

reviewers.enableREST
:	Enable the REST API. When set to false, the REST API is not available.
	Defaults to true.

reviewers.enableUI
:	Enable the UI.  When set to false, the 'Reviewers' menu is not displayed
	on the project screen. Defaults to true, or false when `enableREST` is false.


Per project configuration of the @PLUGIN@ plugin is done in the
`reviewers.config` file of the project. Missing values are inherited
from the parent projects. This means a global default configuration can
be done in the `reviewers.config` file of the `All-Projects` root project.
Other projects can then override the configuration in their own
`reviewers.config` file.

```
  [filter "*"]
    reviewer = john.doe@example.com

  [filter "branch:main file:^lib/.*"]
    reviewer = jane.doe@example.com

  [filter "branch:stable-2.10"]
    reviewer = QAGroup

```

filter.<filter>.reviewer
:	An account or a group name. Must be an exact match (case sensitive) with the
	account's email address or username, or the group name.  Multiple `reviewer`
	occurrences are allowed.

##Multiple filter matches

The plugin supports multiple filter matches.

###Example

```
  [filter "file:^build/modules/.*"]
    reviewer = john.doe@example.com

  [filter "file:^build/.*"]
    reviewer = jane.doe@example.com

```

1. Push a change for review involving file "build/modules/GLOBAL.pm".
2. Both john.doe@example.com and jane.doe@example.com get added as reviewers.
